minor wording changes on sem docs (#5747)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Scope: NONE
- Default value: OFF

> - This variable indicates whether the TiDB server you are connected to has the Security Enhanced Mode (SEM) enabled. To change its value, you need to restart the TiDB server for your change to be effective.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing, because it sounds like you may just need to restart:
```suggestion
- This variable indicates whether the TiDB server you are connected to has the Security Enhanced Mode (SEM) enabled. To change its value, you need to modify the value of `enable-sem` in your TiDB server configuration file and restart the TiDB server.
```

> - SEM is inspired by the design of systems such as [Security-Enhanced Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux). It reduces the abilities of users with the MySQL `SUPER` privilege and instead requires `RESTRICTED` fine grained privileges to be granted as a replacement. These fine grained privileges include:

Author: ```suggestion
- SEM is inspired by the design of systems such as [Security-Enhanced Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux). It reduces the abilities of users with the MySQL `SUPER` privilege and instead requires `RESTRICTED` fine-grained privileges to be granted as a replacement. These fine-grained privileges include:
```
